# Project overview
The MBTA helper web app used the MBTA and Mapquest API's to show users the MBTA stop closest to the location they input in a form. Users
had the option to filter using a mile radius, and deciding whether or not the station needed to be wheelchair accessible. I integrated the Place Search
library from Mapquest as well to provide location suggestions to the user as they typed, this was necessary because often the user input did not correspond correctly
with a location registered by Mapquest. Once an MBTA station result is returned it is displayed on the map next to the input form, this was also done using a Mapquest library.

# Project reflection
In terms of process, I started simple and then slowly built the more advanced features. To start, I simply built all of the functions I needed in a python file and recorded their output in the terminal to make sure they were all working. After I built all of the functions to satisfy the project's basic requirements, I integrated the output into the Flask web app. After getting the web app working with all of the basic requirements I started slowly adding additional libaries like the Mapquest map, and the Place Search library one component at a time. By not trying to do everything at once, I never really felt overwhelmed by the project or the work I was doing. I definitely scoped the project adequately, as it took me about a week to complete all of the features I wanted and I never felt pressed for time. 

In terms of self-study, I had to spend a lot of time reading the Mapquest documentation regarding their libraries and I had to brush up on my Javascript as I have not used it in a while. I also had to read fairly extensively about the most efficient way to interact with "flask variables" in an external Javascript file - initially my code was really screwed up because I was mixing the Jinja templating syntax with Javascript. I wish before I started I'd known the best practices for mixing Jinja with Javascript because this broke my code for a while, and it was not the easiest to fix. 