Yuwei Zheng and Neha Muppidi
Professor Li
MIS3640
1 November 2020
Assignment #3 Writeup and Reflection
Project Overview
For this project, we were tasked with creating a mbta_helper function that would take in the name of a location in Boston (i.e. Babson College) and would use this input to draw the latitude and longitude coordinates using our API key. Then using another API key that would provide coordinates of various stations and stops along the MBTA system, our function would calculate which station and stop is the closest to the user-inputted location, and if the station or stop is wheelchair accessible. After creating this program in one file, we created another file through which we utilized Flask to create a web app. This web app, utilizing the calculations and output based on our mbta_helper function, would essentially launch a webpage through which the user would be able to input their location and receive a response of the closest station or stop to them and if it is wheelchair accessible. To create this function, some of the more complex components our program consisted of were json, API keys, urlopen and related functions, Flask, and basic html.

Project Reflection
In regard to our process, we had a fairly smooth experience. We began by meeting first to simply discuss the assignment in a general sense and discuss any ideas in regard to approach and how we wanted our process and contributions to look like. After creating a very basic pseudocode for Part 1, we both took some time individually to try out our own personal attempts. We then met the next day to compare and contrast our code and ultimately compile it into a single working program file. We did, as would be expected, struggle with certain errors, including “Bad Request” and “List index not found,” but through exploring various posts on Stack Overflow while we were together, we were able to resolve these errors and ensure that the program was working through subsequent testing together. We then similarly created a pseudocode for Part 2 and again took time individually to attempt the code ourselves. We then met the next day to compile our work and tackle any required debugging again using Stack Overflow and other online forums, finally testing our code together again to ensure that it was working. Finally, we created a shared document to complete this writeup. As stated, throughout our process, there were many occasions upon which we faced difficulty and/or confusion related to errors, how to approach certain aspects of the program, etc, but we were able to devote time to exploring and self-studying via Stack Overflow, YouTube, and various online forums to ultimately resolve these challenges.

As depicted, our process was both smooth and fair in regard to ensuring that both parties were contributing equally and had sufficient support from each other to solve any errors or issues. In retrospect, we do realize that our process was perhaps somewhat inefficient as we were both essentially doing the same work and then comparing and compiling; in the future and for our upcoming term project, we would perhaps try to shift into more of a pair-programming dynamic as we find that this is something we both seem to thrive from. We believe that this will allow for us to both be present and actively participating in the coding process, but will also prevent any redundancy-based inefficiency.