# Assignment 2 Write up and Reflection
**Members: Brandon Hoang, Anna Zou, Rae Zhang**

## ***Project Overview***

The overview of our project is that it is a website/application that allows the user to find the nearest MBTA Station in regards to a user-specified address/location and whether or not it is wheelchair accessible. Two additional extensions that we added to the basic requirements include adding filters to search for stations within a certain radius (in miles) and based on different route types (light rail, heavy rail, commuter rail, bus, ferry). The assignment involved utilizing APIs to request information such as geographical coordinates which were implemented through coded functions in Python. The website/application was implemented using Flask and HTML and more specifically a search form that prompts them to input an address/location, a radius, and a route type.Once they submit that search form, they are then redirected to a results page that informs them what station is the nearest and whether or not it is wheelchair accessible given the inputs.

## ***Project Reflection***

From a process point of view, everything ended up turning out fine after debugging and testing. The application is completely functional and even included certain filters such as searching for an MBTA Station within a certain radius (in miles) and based on different route types. One of the main challenges was HTML styling. Originally, our website/application was very bare to the bone with just plain black and white text but after a good amount of trial and error, we were able to spruce it up a little bit with color, images, shadows, and highlights, but there is always more room to improve style or UI/UX. We tried to implement CSS for styling but had difficulty doing so and that’s why we relied more on embedding styling within the HTML templates. There are many things that can be improved or added to our application besides HTML styling. We could have pulled in more data in the search results such as the exact distance in miles and the estimated length of time in minutes from the user’s location to the nearest station. Other data objects include: redirecting link to turn-by-turn directions on MapQuest, Google Maps, etc., pictures of the station, full address of the station, station schedules, route type maps, and fares. One challenge with the code that we could not figure out was how to actually display the name of the route type instead of the numeric option value on the results page. We will utilize what we learned about web API requests and returning Python data objects in response for our final project. These topics are integral to web scraping which is the main scope of our final project. In addition to learning about APIs, we also learned how to utilize Flask to actually create an application. Additionally, we also got exposure to HTML coding and styling in order to create an application using Flask. This will definitely help us create our own web scraping application as well as a website to function as an executive summary for our final project.

We planned to divide the work into two parts: developing the code within mbta_helper.py and creating the website/application utilizing flask and HTML templates. One teammate was responsible for developing the codes for functions while the other two teammates were responsible for utilizing Flask and HTML. There were issues that arose while working together that affected how the division of work actually occurred. The main issue was that one teammate was not able to attend scheduled meetings due to technical issues and poor management/planning skills at the time. As a result, the other teammates logically advanced with the project in order to stay on track to complete the assignment before the deadline. The other teammates combined fulfilled the majority of the responsibilities pertaining to the assignment. The issue was addressed directly between the other team members and the team member causing the issue as well as the professor in order to help improve our teamwork and help find a solution. The issue-causing team member apologized to the other team members, proofread the work done by the other team members, and finished the minority of the responsibilities of the assignment remaining such as the writeup and reflection. The issue-causing team member needs to make sure to prioritize and improve proper personal management/planning skills as well as make an exponentially larger contribution to the team and fulfill whatever the other team members need them to get done.