# Assignment 3: WebApp-MBTA
## By Kristina Ferguson and Alex Rosemond

## 1. Project Overview
This project’s goal was to create an application that could be given a user’s address and return the closest MBTA station and whether it is wheelchair accessible. To complete the project we required the modules urllib.request, urllib.parse, json and flask, along with the API keys from mapquest and the MBTA. The first three of the modules, urllib.request, urllib.parse, and json, were used in functions to parse the data received from the APIs and return the closest station to a given address. The final module, flask, was used to create a web application that takes user input and, through various functions, returns the closest stop to them. 

## 2. Project Reflection
From a process point of view, we got started on the project early so we had an adequate amount of time to properly create a test our code in order to forecast and mitigate any possible errors that could arise. In that sense, we tested a lot of different location types and possible inputs that a user could input in order to create code that could navigate these errors. Since neither one of us had any experience creating HTML code or a website, this was the biggest learning curve for us and we had to do a lot of self-studying in this area. With this newfound knowledge of how to interlace python code with a web application, we could utilize this knowledge during our final project. For our final project, we wanted to create an application to help Babson students better plan their academic schedule and we could utilize what we learned in this assignment in order to create a website where they input their information and get a list of potential classes in return. Some things that we wished we knew more about before starting the project are typical URL formatting rules as well as a better understanding of how to read the API documentation. When trying to build the URLs with our API keys, we found it hard to understand how to format the URL given the parameter we wanted even after reading the documentation for the APIs several times. This process took longer than we would have liked and, therefore, if we had better pre-existing knowledge on the subject we could have made this process simpler and delegated more of our time to other aspects of our code.

Since the way that we worked together on our last assignment went well, we followed a similar procedure in delegating work to complete the project. We met in order to create a plan on how we were going to complete the project, delegated tasks, and worked separately while we were on a call so that we could quickly help one another debug if we ran into any issues. Working independently allowed us to become the resident expert in our area which allowed us to more easily teach one another the details of what we learned while working on our section. Of course, coding is best learned through practice, however, so next time we might do more of these working sessions together in order for us both to gain real experience coding rather than just being taught it after the fact. 
